{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You have to write a program that will read an array from a file and sort the given array. You will return the array sorted with all even numbers in ascending order at the front followed by all odd numbers in ascending order. 
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 In this part, you have to implement a linked list that maintains a list of integers in sorted order. Thus, if the list contains 2, 5 and 8, then 1 will be inserted at the start of the list, 3 will be inserted between 2 and 5 and 10 will be inserted at the end. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
A hash table can be implemented in many ways in C. You must find a simple way to implement a hash table structure where you have easy access to the buckets through the hash function. As a reminder, a hash table is a structure that has a number of buckets for elements to \'94hash\'94 into. You will determine where the element falls in the table using the hash function. 
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Your task is to create a program that multiplies two matrices and outputs the resulting matrix. The input matrices can be the same or different sizes. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
A magic square is an arrangement of the numbers from 1 to n
\fs21\fsmilli10667 \up10 2 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \up0 in an (n x n) matrix, with each number occurring exactly once, and such that the sum of the entries of any row, any column, or any main diagonal is the same. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
write a program that reads an input string representing a sentence, and convert it into pig latin. 
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The seventh part requires you to read an input string representing a sentence, form a word whose letters are the last letters or punctuation of the words in the given sentence, and print it. 
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 In the eighth part, you have to implement a binary search tree. The tree must satisfy the binary search tree property: the key in each node must be greater than all keys stored in the left sub-tree, and smaller than all keys in right sub-tree. 
\fs24 \
}